showPicker() returns undefined (#12003)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlinputelement/showpicker/index.md

---
{{ APIRef("HTML DOM") }}

The **`HTMLInputElement.showPicker()`** method shows a browser picker to the
user. 

> A browser picker is shown when the element is one of these types: `"date"`,
> `"month"`, `"week"`, `"time"`, `"datetime-local"`, `"color"`, or `"file"`. It
> can also be prepopulated with items from `<datalist>` or "autocomplete".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A browser picker is shown when the element is one of these types: `"date"`,
`"month"`, `"week"`, `"time"`, `"datetime-local"`, `"color"`, or `"file"`. It
can also be prepopulated with items from a {{htmlelement("datalist")}} element or {{htmlattrdef("autocomplete")}} attribute.
```

> can also be prepopulated with items from a {{htmlelement("datalist")}} element or {{htmlattrdef("autocomplete")}} attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can also be prepopulated with items from a {{htmlelement("datalist")}} element or [`autocomplete`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/autocomplete) attribute.
```
